INSERT INTO public.movies(
	id, title, rate, duration, genre, director_id,trailer, description, intro, release_date)
	VALUES (1, 'Ace Master X', 9.8, '1h 49m', 'Comedy Horror', 1,'https://www.youtube.com/embed/Y-ufZuqTd5c', 
			'The film takes place in the near future, with Earth in the grip of The Blight, an airborne disease that causes food crops to turn to grey-brown powder. It rolls and billows across the land, piling up around houses and cars like the dust-drifts in Andrei Tarkovsky’s Stalker, another film in which the characters slip between time’s cogs.',
			'He’s the preeminent blockbuster auteur of our time, a fiercely rational puzzle-maker and problem-solver; the Mies van der Rohe of Hollywood. He prefers shooting on film to digital cameras, and strives to achieve special effects on set rather than at a computer-graphics workstation. The rotating hotel corridor scene in Inception – a fist-fight in which the combatants spin and click together like the workings of a combination lock – is Nolan’s vision of cinema in miniature. Depending on which critic you talk to, he’s either a throwback, a fusspot and an ideologue, or the spiritual offspring of Steven Spielberg and Stanley Kubrick. (Of course, there’s no reason he can’t be all of the above.)
			', 'July 16, 2019');



INSERT INTO public.movies(
	id, title, rate, duration, genre, director_id,trailer, description, intro, release_date)
	VALUES (2, 'The Cabin in the Woods', 7.7, '1h49m', 'Horror', 2,'https://www.youtube.com/embed/NsIilFNNmkY', 
			'The Cabin in the Woods begins by unveiling two sets of characters: one middle-aged and oppressed by the workaday cares of life, the other young and carefree. Richard Jenkins plays Sitterson, a balding, bespectacled guy who resignedly shoots the breeze with his buddy Hadley, played by Bradley Whitford. Then we cut to a suburban home, and a teenage girls bedroom – both disclosed via a soaring crane shot. This is Dana, played by Kristen Connolly, and genre buffs will smirk at the outrageous way we get to see Dana sauntering around in her underwear, packing for a restorative weekend away with her attractive friends at a cabin in the woods',
			'Dana is getting over a borderline-inappropriate relationship with her college professor. Her raunchy blonde friend Jules (Anna Hutchison) and Jules macho jock boyfriend Curt (Chris Hemsworth) are trying to set her up with a cute guy they are bringing along, Holden (Jesse Williams). And just to complete the party, there is Marty (Fran Kranz), a dope-smoking free-thinker, forever railing against the establishment. The five of them turn up to the very creepy cabin after the regulation encounter with the dodgy local. Again, the film is archly aware of how predictable this character is, and overtly tips us a wink by repeatedly showing us the motorbike attached to the back of the camper van the five are travelling in. Could it be that this bike will feature heavily in a final getaway scene?', 'July 16, 2019');
			
			